Improve GitLab support (#66)
plone/cookieplone-templates: project/{{ cookiecutter.__folder_name }}/devops/README-GITLAB.md

This README provides step-by-step instructions to set up your GitLab repository and initiate manual deployment pipelines.
Follow each step carefully to correctly configure your environment and secrets.

## Runner setup 🛠️

If you use your own runners, you will need to configure your runners to do "Docker-in-Docker". You can read about it in the [GitLab Documentation](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/docker/using_docker_build.html).

A GitLab runner configuration like this works out of the box. Perhaps this is not the most secure setup, but it works.

> [Register a runner](https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/register/) in one of your servers, and then modify its configuration (check `/etc/gitlab-runner/config.toml`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Register a runner](https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/register/) in one of your servers.
Then modify its configuration file `/etc/gitlab-runner/config.toml` as needed.
```

4.  Expand the `Variables`.
5.  Add all variables and their corresponding values, copying them from the `.env` file.
    This file is not commited into the repository, and that's why we need to add them here.

>     **Note**: do not mark any of the variables as *protected*.

Reviewer: Let's try an admonition. https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925

```suggestion
    > [!NOTE]
    > Do not mark any of the variables as *protected*.
```

Check the section "Server Setup" in the file `README.md` in the same folder as this file for details.
Be aware that the key generated by this template will not be added to your git repository because it is explicitly excluded by the `.gitignore` file.

> ## Development & deployment 🚀

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development and deployment 🚀
```

> The development should be done in a separate branch such as `develop`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Development should be done in a separate branch, such as `develop`.
```

> When opening a merge requests from that branch to `main`, the checks and tests will be executed and docker images

Reviewer: Please verify that the pipeline logic in this sentence is correct. I assume that if either checks or tests fail, then the Docker images will not be built.

```suggestion
When opening a merge request from your development branch to `main`, CI/CD runs the checks and tests, and, if they pass, then builds the Docker images.
```

> will be built.

Reviewer: Merged into previous sentence.

```suggestion
```
